<!--- AUTO-GENERATED BY CAKEFILE. Do not edit! -->

Language Chains
----------
#### element

A language chain that sets an `element` flag that tells other casper-chai
assertions to not require all elements to match the criteria, but at least one.

```javascript
expect("ul.header li").to.have.an.element.with.attr('aria-selected')
```

In this example, the assertion will pass if any `li` has the `aria-selected` attribute.
Otherwise, by default `attr` will assert that all elements matched have that attribute.
#### evaluate

Change the assertion subject to the result of the expression evaluated 
in the page. An expression may be a function, a function string, or a simple expression.
When a string is passed in it is wrapped in 'function () {}', with a 'return' statement
added if one is not already included, and this wrapped function is
evaluated as an ordinary function would be. When it is a function it is simply
evaluated in the page as is.

```javascript
"true".should.evaluate.to.true;

(function() { return false }).should.evaluate.to.false;

expect("function () { return true }").to.evaluate.to.true;

"document.querySelectorAll('body').length".should.evaluate.to.be.at.least(1);

var foo = function () { return typeof jQuery ; )
expect(foo).to.evaluate.to.be.undefined; // unless jQuery is installed.

"0 === -0".should.evaluate.to.be.false.wat
```


Casper-Chai Assertions
----------

The following are the assertion tests that are added onto `Chai.Assertion`.
#### attr(attributeName)
#### attribute(attributeName)

Asserts that attribute `attribute_name` are on all elements matched by `selector`.
If the `element` chain was used, it asserts that any element has that selector.

```javascript
expect("#my_header").to.have.attr('class')
expect("ul.header li").to.have.an.element.with.attribute('aria-selected')
```

It also changes the subject of the assertion to the attributes, so you can do
further assertions on those attributes

````javascript
"#tabs li a".should.have.an.element.with.attribute('aria-selected')[0].that.equals('true')
"section a.add".should.have.attr('data-bind')[0].and.contains('click:')
````
#### fieldValue


True when the named input provided has the given value.

Wraps Casper's `__utils__.getFieldValue(inputName)`.

Examples:

```javascript
expect("name_of_input").to.have.fieldValue("123");
```
#### inDOM

True when the given selector is in the DOM


```javascript
"#target".should.be.inDOM;
```

Note: We use "inDOM" instead of "exist" so we don't conflict with
the chai.js BDD.
#### loaded

True when the given resource exists in the phantom browser.

```javascript
expect("styles.css").to.not.be.loaded
"jquery-1.8.3".should.be.loaded
```
#### matchTitle

True when the the title matches the given regular expression,
or where a string is used match that string exactly.

```javascript
expect("Google").to.matchTitle;
```
#### matchCurrentUrl

True when the current URL matches the given string or regular expression

```javascript
expect(/https:\/\//).to.matchCurrentUrl;
```
#### tagName

All elements matching the given selector are one of the given tag names.

In other words, given a selector, all tags must be one of the given tags.
Note that those tags need not appear in the selector.

```javascript
".menuItem".should.have.tagName('li')

"menu li *".should.have.tagName(['a', 'span'])
```
#### textInDOM

The given text can be found in the phantom browser's DOM.

```javascript
"search".should.be.textInDOM
```
#### text

The text of the given selector matches the expression if it is a regular expression,
or is equal to the text, if a string.

It supports the `contains` and `include` language chain to do partial matching

```javascript
expect("#element").to.have.text(/case InSenSitIvE/i);
expect("#element").to.have.text("Welcome to My Site");
expect("#element").to.contain.text("Welcome");
```
#### visible

The selector matches a visible element.

```javascript
expect("#hidden").to.not.be.visible
```
